fix(opentelemetry): fix wrong metrics configuration description (#2277)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/observability/open-telemetry/traces.md

"Trace context" is a mechanism used in distributed tracing to track and identify requests or transactions that span multiple systems and services. In the [W3C Trace Context MQTT](https://w3c.github.io/trace-context-mqtt/) document, this concept is applied to the MQTT protocol to enable tracking of requests across different participants in MQTT message transmission. This allows system administrators or developers to understand how messages flow through the entire system. 

EMQX's inherent ability to propagate trace context enables it to seamlessly participate in distributed tracing systems. This propagation is achieved simply by forwarding the `traceparent` and `tracestate` user properties from the message publisher to the subscriber. When EMQX forwards an application message to a client, it ensures the integrity of the trace context is maintained and transmitted unchanged. This method is fully compliant with [MQTT specification 3.3.2.3.7](https://docs.oasis-open.org/mqtt/mqtt/v5.0/os/mqtt-v5.0-os.html#_Toc3901116), ensuring consistency and reliability in trace data transmission.

::: tip Note

> User-Property was introduced in MQTT 5.0, so EMQX can extract and propagate Trace Context only when MQTT 5.0 is used.

Author: 漏了：
对于非 MQTT 5.0 客户端，需要在 EMQX 开启**追踪全部消息**选项，EMQX 将内部自动为消息添加追踪 ID 实现分布式追踪。

   docker compose -f docker-compose-otel-trace.yaml up
   ```
   

> 4. After starting, the OpenTelemetry Collector listens on the default gRPCport (4317) on the host machine and Jaeger WEB UI can be accessed at http://localhost:16686.

Author: ```suggestion
4. After starting, the OpenTelemetry Collector listens on the default gRPC port (4317) on the host machine and Jaeger WEB UI can be accessed at http://localhost:16686.
```
